MFA: TOTP: Add a non-administrative destory call, use non-administrative calls in the UI (#16504)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/mfa/totp.mdx

}
```

### Destroy TOTP MFA Secret

> This endpoint deletes a TOTP MFA secret in the entity of the calling token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a TOTP MFA secret in the entity of the calling token.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

> Note that in order to overwrite a secret on the entity, it is required to
> explicitly delete the secret first. This API can be used to delete the secret
> and the `generate` or `admin-generate` APIs should be used to regenerate a new
> secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning title="You cannot overwrite entity secrets">

To change a secret on the entity, you must explicity delete the secret with the
Destroy endpoint then create a new secret with the `generate` or
`admin-generate` endpoints.

</Warning>
```

Style correction: write in the active voice

| Method | Path                                  |
| :----- | :------------------------------------ |
| `POST` | `/sys/mfa/method/:name/destroy` |

### Parameters

- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Name of the MFA method.

### Sample Request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request POST \

>     http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/sys/mfa/method/totp/my_totp/destroy

Reviewer 2: `my_totp/` isn't required in the URL here, as the `:name` parameter is actually `totp` in this Sample Request.
